the idea of casual luxury it's pretty
intuitive it's something that is very
much about the way we live right now
it's the way we entertain right now and
it's not only about spaces that are
beautiful and timeless but they're also
practical Anthony Todd is an amazing
interior designer Gina wicker is the
design and creative director for some
relics of the leader in performance
textiles and then there is John Fenton
John has a company called Fintan
construction they build luxury homes all
over the world this is our panel for
today how do you define the idea of
casual luxury for me it's gonna be
something that's livable it's something
that makes you feel really good and
comfortable when I think of casual
luxury I think of authenticity working
with different periods and mixing things
together things which resonate
craftsmanship hand-worked unique items
luxury was something that really I think
10 years ago was about pieces that were
maybe a bit more rare or that they were
more formal today luxury it's really
redefining itself in an everyday kind of
way there's sort of mixing of items that
are less precious mixing high and low
it's very important so that the space is
usable but you're still surrounded by
the things that you love and that
inspire you what a lot of my clients
want is something that's durable they
don't want to have to keep redoing
things so materials have to be able to
last and not only be real and authentic
that be able to be durable as well
absolutely and the transitional living
where your house does not stop at the
French doors it can run use on out into
the art and to create that seamless walk
from the interior to the outside with
colors that connect with patterns that
connect with things that connect yeah
it's beautiful for everybody lifestyle
has become so important it's more about
the experience than stuff cooking is a
very big part of my lifestyle and I love
the fact that probably half of the show
is dedicated to an amazing range of
kitchens and how to cook and it
represents casual luxury to meet casual
luxury is about how we live at home how
we cook and living honestly live as you
want to live in the space as you feel
the space not necessarily how we used to
decorate where I think people were
looking more to impress with the space
the client once said I'm asking you to
the job because I feel is that the end
of the project it will not look like the
decorator came to visit that is that's
fabulous oh yeah I and employ with all
of my work this is the conclusion of our
talk thank you thank you guys I
appreciate it thank you